# BaB-LaL
Book and Befriend Love and Life is a new way Humans to look at things differently using CAL.  Character (s) ALPHABET and Letters. regardless of race, background, IS. Industry and Sector, PUM. Perspective, Understanding and Mindset, BaB-LaL is for all.
BaB-LaL is one of the things (ASSET) in this Age of Love that enhance Human Knowledge and Life,  and purifies the inner Being of Human. The PER-PACK (AGES) Power, Engineer-ing, Revelation, Product, Authority, Connection, Kingdom of/in BaB-LaL can rapidly make Humanity better, and lead to victory over the numerous assaults of the evil trinity, and help Humanity win the newest trend going on in the great City of Triangle, and manifest unprecedented scenarios going on in the Spiritual World that co-exist with the Physical World.
In Book and Befriend Love and Life LLMS are important just as English Language and others (ORDER) are very important, and it's over percentage agreed even in the great City of Triangle, that without Character (s) ALPHA-BET and Letters,CAL. without A-Z. English Language would be mocked in the Spiritual Land that has property on Earth, because of its UI. Unbalance and Incompleteness. CAL, A-Z make English Language perform in the future rate/race of Languages. in BaB-LaL we are USED. Understand, Structure, Engineer and Demonstrate using CAL-A-Z and FIN. Figure (s) Interest and Numbers, we have twenty six (26)CAL in A-Z. we shall take from ALPHA-BET twenty four (24) as BaB-LaL was developed in 2024 the Spiritual year, first take 12 CAL A-L producing three (3) Words from each CAL. M stands alone and has produced very deep Project, Study, Discipline named Mammon, Money and Mankind (MMM) second part N-Y. Z stands alone and will produce unprecedented Project. 2024 that has its long foot in 2025, 2026,2027,2028,2029,2030 and beyond, now 26 CAL minus 2 CAL M&Z equals 24 CAL A-L and N-Y. take it, 2024 2 M&Z. 0 (O-zero) PUWE. Planet,Universe, World, Earth. 24 A-L and N-Y. note: await the differenciated PUWE. Humans cannot do or cope without BaB-LaL. therefore it's of paramount importance for Humans/Humanity to Book and Befriend Love and Life, though the concept, perspective and personalization of Love and Life are very deep and beyond IPS. let everyone take this home and wisely save it in your valued heart I pray Thee. Love and Life require Humans to be PRO.( Proactive, Repentant and Objective) especially in this Age of LOVE.
Let's go, A-L. 
     A
AI, Authority, AMEN.
AI this latest trend in our wonderful new World 
, has ability to accomplish so much, build and produce more methods, and make Humans excel in their different Professions and endeavors. you can reason out and find out that AI is so meaningful and useful.
AI Artificial Intelligence.
AI America and Israel.
AI Above Intelligence (GOD'S Own AI)
note, there are LLC. levels of link and connections in the 3 AIs, just as SEPSEP. Spiritual, Earth, People, Science, Engineer -ing, and Psychology have LLC.
1.AI Artificial Intelligence is great trend, versatile and ready to assist Humans in their endeavors and profession. certainly, Human (s) who wants Humanity to get better, can't appreciate the benefits and usefulness of AI sufficiently, the solid evidence and remarkable testimonies of individuals and companies who integrate AI into their workflows and businesses are open. AI has dynamically increased the percentage of results these individuals and companies achieved.
2. AI America and Israel. America and Israel are two Nations that distribute virtues from LORD GOD ALMIGHTY, The Righteous Judge of all Nations, to other Nations.note, every Nation belongs to GOD and under GOD ALMIGHTY, but there is exceptions, GOD ALMIGHTY deposits Divine VIPs to His unseen Nation (ZION) and sends to the World with two legs to deposit divine VIPs to AI America and Israel for distribution to other Nations of the World.
3. AI Above Intelligence (GOD'S Own AI) undisputably, GOD'S Own AI is above other two AIs. and the fuel and empowerment they have are from GOD'S Own AI. Above Intelligence is LORD GOD ALMIGHTY and in this extraordinary generation Humans in BaB-LaL should stand in Awe of Him, because The LORD Himself is LOVE and LIFE and the supplier of both to Humans He created and put priceless Soul within. it's known in Heavenlies that booking and befriending Him is the wisest thing ever.